<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "..\dtd\reference.dtd">
<reference id="ucitgenprefs" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Citrix test generation preferences</title>
<shortdesc>Test generation preferences control how Citrix performance
tests are generated, such as how tests will process verification points,
data correlation, and options of the generated test elements.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>Citrix<indexterm>test generation preferences</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>preferences<indexterm>test generation<indexterm>Citrix
overview</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>tests<indexterm>Citrix
preference settings</indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><dl id="gensettings"><dlentry>
<dt>Recording Optimization Options</dt>
<dd>These settings specify how mouse and window events are interpreted
in the generated test.<dl><dlentry>
<dt>Window activate recording</dt>
<dd>Specify whether to record no, last, or all window-activate actions
when a sequence of similar actions is detected. <ul>
<li><uicontrol>none</uicontrol> disables recording of window-activate
events.</li>
<li><uicontrol>last</uicontrol> records only the last of an uninterrupted
sequence of window events. This eliminates redundant window-activate
actions from the recording.</li>
<li><uicontrol>all</uicontrol> records all events of the sequence.</li>
</ul></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Mouse move recording</dt>
<dd>This setting specifies which mouse move events are recorded. <uicontrol>Relevant</uicontrol> is
the default setting.<ul>
<li><uicontrol>All</uicontrol> records an uninterrupted sequence of
mouse movements in the generated test. </li>
<li><uicontrol>Relevant</uicontrol> records only the mouse movements
that generate a response, such as hover text. </li>
<li><uicontrol>First and last</uicontrol> records a simplified mouse-move
action. </li>
</ul></dd>
</dlentry></dl></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Automatic Generation</dt>
<dd>These settings specify test elements that are automatically generated
after recording the test.<dl><dlentry>
<dt>Verification point on every window title change</dt>
<dd>When enabled, this option generates a window title verification
point whenever the caption changes. If this option is disabled, the
window title is verified only when a new window is created. This option
is disabled by default.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Response times for main windows</dt>
<dd>When enabled, this option generates response time measurements
for all recorded main window-create events. A main window is a window
that is created at the top level of the test contents tree and contains
user actions. The generated response time measurement starts with
the keyboard or mouse action that immediately precedes the window-create
event. This option is enabled by default.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Window event synchronization criteria</dt>
<dd>Use this option to disable window recognition on the window position,
size, or title. Disable any of these options if the test produces
synchronization timeouts because a window changes its position, size,
or title between or during test runs.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Default Test Execution Delays</dt>
<dd>This page specifies the default keyboard and mouse delays for
the test client. Do not change these settings unless you are experiencing
problems with events that do not run correctly.<dl><dlentry>
<dt>Synchronization timeout delay</dt>
<dd>This is the delay after which a timeout error is produced when a window event or an image
         synchronization element is not recognized during test runs. The default value is 15000
         milliseconds. The specified delay is for synchronizations that are set as conditional.
         Mandatory synchronizations use a delay of three times the specified delay. Optional
         synchronizations use a fixed delay of 2 seconds.<note>In the generated test, the
           <uicontrol>Override synchronization timeout</uicontrol> for a particular window creation
          event will be enabled with the corresponding recorded time only if it is greater than what
          is specified in this preference.</note><?Pub Caret 22?></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>If think time is under x ms, then replace with</dt>
<dd>If the delay between two events is above the specified limit,
then it is handled as a think time. If the delay is below the limit,
then the test generator replaces the think time with one of the following
delays. The think time is the delay spent by a virtual user before
performing an action. The default limit is 20&nbsp;000 milliseconds.<note>In
the generated test, the think time for a particular user action will
be enabled only when the recorded think time is greater than the value
specified for this preference.</note></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Delay between mouse down and mouse up in a click</dt>
<dd>This is the default delay used to generate a mouse click action
using a mouse down and a mouse up action. The default value is 20
milliseconds.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Delay between two mouse clicks in a double click</dt>
<dd>This is the default delay used to generate a double-click action
using two mouse clicks. The default value is 50 milliseconds.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Delay between key down and a key up in a stroke</dt>
<dd>This is the default delay used to generate a key-stroke action
using a key-down and a key-up action. The default value is 20 milliseconds.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Delay between two keyboard strokes in a text input</dt>
<dd>This is the default delay used to generate a text input action
using multiple key stroke actions. The default value is 50 milliseconds.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Default OCR settings</dt>
<dd>This page specifies the settings for text extraction by optical
character recognition in image synchronizations. You might need to
experiment with various settings to obtain good results. These settings
define the default behavior for new image synchronizations. You can
change the behavior for individual image synchronization elements
by changing the <uicontrol>OCR settings</uicontrol> in the test editor.<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>OCR default language</dt>
<dd>This is the language of the dictionary that is used to recognize
words for the application that you are testing. This setting defines
the subset of languages that will be available in image synchronization
elements in the test editor.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>OCR default zoom factor</dt>
<dd>This is the enlargement factor that is applied to the image. The default setting is medium for
standard font sizes. Increase the zoom factor to improve recognition of smaller fonts or decrease
for <xref href="#ucitgenprefs/table_njf_dpv_znb"/>larger fonts.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>OCR default brightness</dt>
<dd>This is the brightness level from 0 to 250 that is applied to
the image. The default setting is 70 for text with normal contrast.
Increase the brightness setting to improve recognition of darker images
or decrease for lighter images.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>OCR default recognition rate</dt>
<dd>This is the rate of recognition that is required for the extracted
string to match the expected text. Decrease the recognition rate to
tolerate a proportion of mismatching characters in the recognized
text. The default is 100%, which means that an exact match is required.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></dd>
</dlentry></dl>
<p>
<table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_njf_dpv_znb">
<title>Areas</title>
<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
<colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry/>
<entry/>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry/>
<entry/>
</row>
<row>
<entry/>
<entry/>
</row>
<row>
<entry/>
<entry/>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</p></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1322517892 0?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000007575?>
