<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="auditcp" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>AUTHDEF</title>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>AUTHDEF</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>AUTHDEF initialization statement<indexterm>description</indexterm
></indexterm><indexterm>initialization statements<indexterm>AUTHDEF<indexterm
>definition</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>APARs<indexterm
>PK41519</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>APARs<indexterm>PK40969</indexterm
></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title> <p>The AUTHDEF statement specifies the
    <!--<keyword conref="../../distr/src_tsweb/awsco-conref.dita#awsco-conref/opc2"/>--> resources
    that are defined to a security product. For a description about how you use
    <!--<keyword conref="../../distr/src_tsweb/awsco-conref.dita#awsco-conref/opc2"/>--> security
    features to protect
    <!--<keyword conref="../../distr/src_tsweb/awsco-conref.dita#awsco-conref/opc2"/>--> functions
    and data, see <!--<xref href="eqqc1impsecurity.dita"/>-->.</p><p>You can specify this statement for a
    <!--<keyword conref="../../distr/src_tsweb/awsco-conref.dita#awsco-conref/opccont"/>-->, a
    standby <!--<keyword conref="../../distr/src_tsweb/awsco-conref.dita#awsco-conref/opccont"/>-->,
    or a <!--<keyword conref="../../distr/src_tsweb/awsco-conref.dita#awsco-conref/opctrk"/>-->.</p><p>AUTHDEF is defined in the member of the EQQPARM library as
specified by the PARM parameter on the JCL EXEC statement.</p> </section>
<refsyn><title>Format</title> <syntaxdiagram>
<groupseq><kwd>AUTHDEF</kwd></groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><kwd>CLASS</kwd><delim>(</delim>
<groupchoice importance="required">
<kwd importance="default">OPCCLASS</kwd>
<var>name of resource class</var>
</groupchoice>
<delim>)</delim></groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional" otherprops="v93spe3" rev="v93spe3"><kwd
>COMMAND1, ...., COMMAND9</kwd><delim>(</delim>
<groupchoice importance="required">
<var>list of commands</var>
</groupchoice>
<delim>)</delim></groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><kwd>LISTLOGGING</kwd><delim>(</delim>
<groupchoice importance="required">
<kwd importance="default">ALL</kwd>
<kwd>FIRST</kwd>
<kwd>NONE</kwd>
</groupchoice>
<delim>)</delim></groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><kwd>SUBRESOURCES</kwd><delim>(</delim>
<groupchoice importance="required" rev="tws811">
<repsep>,</repsep>
<kwd>AD.ADNAME</kwd>
<kwd>AD.ADGDDEF</kwd>
<kwd>AD.GROUP</kwd>
<kwd>AD.JOBNAME</kwd>
<kwd>AD.NAME</kwd>
<kwd>AD.OWNER</kwd>
<!--APAR PM66337-->
<kwd rev="v86apars">AD.RESNAME</kwd>
<kwd rev="sysaut">AD.SECELEM</kwd>
<kwd rev="v86">AD.UFVAL</kwd>
<kwd>CL.CALNAME</kwd>
<kwd otherprops="v93spe3" rev="v93spe3">CP.ADD</kwd>
<kwd otherprops="v93spe3" rev="v93spe3">CP.ADDOPER</kwd>
<kwd>CP.ADNAME</kwd>
<kwd otherprops="v93spe3" rev="v93spe3">CP.COMMAND1, ...., CP.COMMAND9</kwd>
<kwd>CP.CPGDDEF</kwd>
<kwd otherprops="v93spe3" rev="v93spe3">CP.DELETE</kwd>
<kwd otherprops="v93spe3" rev="v93spe3">CP.DELOPER</kwd>
<kwd>CP.GROUP</kwd>
<kwd>CP.JOBNAME</kwd>
<kwd otherprops="v93spe3" rev="v93spe3">CP.MODDEP</kwd>
<kwd otherprops="v93spe3" rev="v93spe3">CP.MODIFY</kwd>
<kwd otherprops="v93spe3" rev="v93spe3">CP.MODOPER</kwd>
<kwd otherprops="v93spe3" rev="v93spe3">CP.MODOPSTAT</kwd>
<kwd>CP.NAME</kwd>
<kwd>CP.OWNER</kwd>
<kwd rev="sysaut">CP.SECELEM</kwd>
<kwd rev="v86">CP.UFVAL</kwd>
<kwd>CP.WSNAME</kwd>
<kwd>CP.ZWSOPER</kwd>
<kwd>ET.ADNAME</kwd>
<kwd>ET.ETNAME</kwd>
<kwd rev="v86">JL.DSNAME</kwd>
<kwd rev="v86">JL.MEMBER</kwd>
<kwd>JS.ADNAME</kwd>
<kwd>JS.GROUP</kwd>
<kwd>JS.JOBNAME</kwd>
<kwd>JS.OWNER</kwd>
<kwd>JS.WSNAME</kwd>
<kwd>JV.OWNER</kwd>
<kwd>JV.TABNAME</kwd>
<kwd>LT.ADNAME</kwd>
<kwd>LT.LTGDDEF</kwd>
<kwd>LT.OWNER</kwd>
<kwd>OI.ADNAME</kwd>
<kwd>PR.PERNAME</kwd>
<kwd>RD.RDNAME</kwd>
<kwd rev="v91">RG.RGNAME</kwd>
<kwd rev="v91">RG.OWNER</kwd>
<kwd>RL.ADNAME</kwd>
<kwd>RL.GROUP</kwd>
<kwd>RL.OWNER</kwd>
<kwd>RL.WSNAME</kwd>
<kwd>RL.WSSTAT</kwd>
<!--APAR PH09531-->
<kwd rev="95_spe1">RP.REPTYPE</kwd>
<kwd>SR.SRNAME</kwd>
<kwd>WS.WSNAME</kwd>
</groupchoice>
<delim>)</delim></groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><kwd>TRACE</kwd><delim>(</delim>
<groupchoice importance="required">
<kwd importance="default">0</kwd>
<kwd>4</kwd>
<kwd>8</kwd>
</groupchoice>
<delim>)</delim></groupseq>
</syntaxdiagram> </refsyn>
<section><title>Parameters</title> <parml><plentry id="authdefclass">
<pt>CLASS(<synph><var>name of resource class</var></synph>|<synph
><kwd importance="default">OPCCLASS</kwd></synph>) </pt>
<pd><indexterm>initialization statements<indexterm>AUTHDEF<indexterm>CLASS
        keyword</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>AUTHDEF initialization
        statement<indexterm>CLASS keyword</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>CLASS, keyword of
       AUTHDEF</indexterm>Defines the name of the security resource class that protects
      <!--<keyword conref="../../distr/src_tsweb/awsco-conref.dita#awsco-conref/opc2"/>-->
      resources. The value is valid until you specify a different value and restart the
      <!--<keyword conref="../../distr/src_tsweb/awsco-conref.dita#awsco-conref/opc2"/>--> address
      space. <p>Consider the following checklist when using this parameter: <ul>
        <li>The resource class must be defined in the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="RACF">RACF</tm>
         class descriptor and routing tables.</li>
        <li>New definitions in the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="RACF">RACF</tm> class descriptor and
         routing tables require an IPL.</li>
        <li>If multiple controller subsystems require separate policies, they require separate
         classes.</li>
        <li>IBMOPC is a predefined class that you can use with no need for an IPL if only one class
         is required.</li>
        <li>After a <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="RACF">RACF</tm> migration, consider redefining any
         class you defined in a previous version of <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="RACF"
         >RACF</tm>.</li>
        <li>The default class OPCCLASS is not already defined in <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="RACF"
          >RACF</tm>. Before using this class, make sure there are the necessary entries in the <tm
          tmtype="reg" trademark="RACF">RACF</tm> class descriptor and routing tables.</li>
       </ul></p></pd>
</plentry><plentry otherprops="v93spe3" rev="v93spe3">
<pt>COMMAND1, ..., COMMAND9(<synph><var>list of commands</var></synph
>) </pt>
<pd><indexterm>initialization statements<indexterm>AUTHDEF<indexterm
>COMMANDn keyword</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>AUTHDEF
initialization statement<indexterm>COMMANDn keyword</indexterm></indexterm
><indexterm>COMMANDn, keyword of AUTHDEF</indexterm>Defines the list
of commands to which you want to authorize a user. If the same command
is listed in more than one COMMAND<i>n</i> parameter and different
levels of authorization are assigned, the authorization with the higher
level of privileges is always applied to the command.<p>You can specify
any combinations of the following occurrence and operation commands:<table
pgwide="0"><title>Occurrence commands that you can specify in the <b
>Commandn</b> parameter</title>
<tgroup cols="2"><colspec colname="col1" colwidth="34*"/><colspec
colname="col2" colwidth="64*"/>
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Command</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">C</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Complete an occurrence </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">CG</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Complete group</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">DG</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Delete group</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">R</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Rerun</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">RG </entry>
<entry colname="col2">Remove from group </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">W</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Set waiting </entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table><?Pub Caret -2?><table><title>Operation commands that you
can specify in the <b>Commandn</b> parameter</title>
<tgroup cols="2"><colspec colname="col1" colwidth="34*"/><colspec
colname="col2" colwidth="65*"/>
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Command</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">ARC</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Attempt Automatic Recovery</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">BND</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Bind Operation</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">DJ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Delete JCL</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">EX</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Execute</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">J</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Edit JCL</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">JR</entry>
<entry colname="col2">JR, Fast Path JR</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">K</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Kill (K and KR)</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">MH</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Manual Hold</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">MR</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Manual Release</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">NP</entry>
<entry colname="col2">NOP</entry>
</row>
<row otherprops="zc">
<entry colname="col1">RI</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Recovery Info (PY and PN)</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">SC</entry>
<entry colname="col2">SC, Fast Path SC</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">SJR</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Simple Job Restart</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">SR</entry>
<entry colname="col2">SR, Fast Path SR</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">UN</entry>
<entry colname="col2">UN NOP</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table><!--<dl><dlentry>
<dt>Occurrence commands</dt>
<dd><dl><dlentry>
<dt>C</dt>
<dd>Complete an occurrence (also addressed??? named??? as CMP in the
ISPF panels)</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>CG</dt>
<dd>Complete group</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>DG</dt>
<dd>Delete group</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>R</dt>
<dd>Rerun</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>RG</dt>
<dd>Remove from group</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>W</dt>
<dd>Set waiting (also addressed as WOC in the ISPF panels)
</dd>
</dlentry></dl></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Operation commands</dt>
<dd><dl><dlentry>
<dt>J</dt>
<dd>Edit JCL </dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>MH</dt>
<dd>Manual Hold</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>MR</dt>
<dd>Manual Release</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>NP</dt>
<dd>NOP</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>RC</dt>
<dd>Restart and Cleanup</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>UN</dt>
<dd>UN NOP</dd>
</dlentry></dl></dd>
</dlentry></dl>--> </p></pd>
</plentry><plentry>
<pt>LISTLOGGING(<synph><kwd>FIRST</kwd></synph>|<synph><kwd>NONE</kwd
></synph>|<synph><kwd importance="default">ALL</kwd></synph>) </pt>
<pd><indexterm>initialization statements<indexterm>AUTHDEF<indexterm>LISTLOGGING
        keyword</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>AUTHDEF initialization
        statement<indexterm>LISTLOGGING keyword</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>LISTLOGGING,
       keyword of AUTHDEF</indexterm>In the resource profile, you define how data is logged for
      accesses to a resource. If you restrict access to
      <!--<keyword conref="../../distr/src_tsweb/awsco-conref.dita#awsco-conref/opc2"/>--> data on
      the record level by specifying subresources, a request to list
      <!--<keyword conref="../../distr/src_tsweb/awsco-conref.dita#awsco-conref/opc2"/>--> data can
      result in several access violations being recorded for those records that satisfy the filter
      criteria but to which the user is not permitted access. LISTLOGGING lets you alter the amount
      of data that is logged for list requests. <p>Specify FIRST when logging is performed only for
       the first read attempt to a resource. Logging occurs only for the first entry that has a
       profile, which specifies that logging should occur. Specify NONE if no logging is performed.
       Specify ALL if logging is performed as specified in the profile for the resource. ALL is the
       default value.</p></pd>
</plentry><plentry>
<pt>SUBRESOURCES(<synph><var>resource,...,resource</var></synph>) </pt>
<pd><indexterm>initialization statements<indexterm>AUTHDEF<indexterm>SUBRESOURCES
         keyword</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>AUTHDEF initialization
        statement<indexterm>SUBRESOURCES keyword</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>SUBRESOURCES,
       keyword of AUTHDEF</indexterm>Defines whether
      <!--<keyword conref="../../distr/src_tsweb/awsco-conref.dita#awsco-conref/opc2"/>--> checks on
      the record level if a user is authorized to access information in an
      <!--<keyword conref="../../distr/src_tsweb/awsco-conref.dita#awsco-conref/opc2"/>--> VSAM
      file. <p otherprops="v93spe3" rev="v93spe3">In the list of resources you can specify one or
       more of the items shown in the syntax diagram. For a description of all the fixed resources
       and subresources, see
       <!--<xref href="eqqc1functionsdataprotect.dita#functionsdataprotect/resors"/>-->.</p><p>Whenever
       a user accesses a record, for example in the AD file,
       <!--<keyword conref="../../distr/src_tsweb/awsco-conref.dita#awsco-conref/opc2"/>--> checks
       if the user is authorized to access the record in the manner intended. To do this, a resource
       name is generated, and a request is sent through SAF (system authorization facility) to the
       security system to test the user authority. For example, if you specify AD.ADNAME, the
       application name is retrieved from the record, and the prefix <b>ADA.</b> is added to create
       the resource name. The security system is then called to test if this resource exists in the
       resource class defined by the CLASS keyword and if the user is authorized to access it. The
       default resource list for the SUBRESOURCES keyword is the empty list. This means that the
       default is to use already established authority and not to check the user authority to access
       individual VSAM records.</p><note>If you have specified OPCHOST(NO) in the
       <!--<xref href="eqqc1noerror.dita"/>--> statement, only the RL.WSNAME, RL.WSSTAT, and
       SR.SRNAME subresources are relevant. AD.SECELEM and CP.SECELEM are relevant only if you run
       System Automation V3.1 (with the appropriate maintenance level installed), or later. When
       set, they protect the whole System Automation information in the AD segment and CP33 record,
       respectively.</note></pd>
</plentry><plentry>
<pt>TRACE(<synph><kwd>4</kwd></synph>|<synph><kwd>8</kwd></synph>|<synph
><kwd importance="default">0</kwd></synph>) </pt>
<pd><indexterm>initialization statements<indexterm>AUTHDEF<indexterm>TRACE
        keyword</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>AUTHDEF initialization
        statement<indexterm>TRACE keyword</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>TRACE<indexterm>keyword
        of AUTHDEF</indexterm></indexterm>Defines if
      <!--<keyword conref="../../distr/src_tsweb/awsco-conref.dita#awsco-conref/opc2"/>--> writes
      trace information to the message log (EQQMLOG) each time the RACROUTE macro is invoked.
      Specify 0, which is the default value, if you do not want trace information. Specify 4 if you
      want partial trace information. Specify 8 if you want full trace information.</pd>
</plentry></parml> </section>
<example><title>Examples</title><indexterm>initialization statements<indexterm
>AUTHDEF<indexterm>example of</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm><indexterm
>AUTHDEF initialization statement<indexterm>example of</indexterm
></indexterm> <fig frame="all">
<codeblock> AUTHDEF CLASS(OPCCLASS)                    1
         SUBRESOURCES(AD.ADNAME,WS.WSNAME)  2</codeblock>
</fig> <p>In this example of an AUTHDEF statement:   <dl><dlentry>
<dt>1</dt>
<dd>The default resource class is used.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>2</dt>
<dd><!--<keyword conref="../../distr/src_tsweb/awsco-conref.dita#awsco-conref/opc2"/>--> will verify
       authorization for application descriptions (by checking the application name) and
       workstations (by checking the workstation name).</dd>
</dlentry></dl></p> </example>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000015920?>
