<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="ifxhq_server_configuration">
    <title><keyword conref="../1common/ids_cm_ref.dita#ids_cm_ref/ids"/> Explore Server
        Configuration</title>
    <?Pub Caret -2?>
    <conbody>
        <p>A properties file is required to run the <keyword
                conref="../1common/ids_cm_ref.dita#ids_cm_ref/ids"/> Explore server. When starting
            the <keyword conref="../1common/ids_cm_ref.dita#ids_cm_ref/ids"/> Explore server, you
            can pass the properties file name as part of the start command. Otherwise, <keyword
                conref="../1common/ids_cm_ref.dita#ids_cm_ref/ids"/> Explore will look for a
            properties file named <filepath>OneDB Explore-server.properties</filepath> in the
            classpath.</p>
        <p>An example configuration file documenting all supported <keyword
                conref="../1common/ids_cm_ref.dita#ids_cm_ref/ids"/> Explore server configuration
            properties can be found in <filepath>$INFORMIXDIR/hq/OneDB
                Explore-server-example.properties</filepath>.</p>
        <p>
            <ul id="ul_wgp_gdw_pnb">
                <li>Required configuration properties on initial startup<ul id="ul_xgp_gdw_pnb">
                        <li><xref href="#ifxhq_server_configuration/inadpwd" format="dita"/></li>
                    </ul></li>
                <li>Optional configuration properties<ul id="ul_ygp_gdw_pnb">
                        <li><xref href="#ifxhq_server_configuration/alertcheck" format="dita"/></li>
                        <li><xref href="#ifxhq_server_configuration/alertstarnumber" format="dita"
                            /></li>
                        <li><xref href="#ifxhq_server_configuration/datasource" format="dita"/></li>
                        <li><xref href="#ifxhq_server_configuration/hostname" format="dita"/></li>
                        <li><xref href="#ifxhq_server_configuration/http" format="dita"/></li>
                        <li><xref href="#ifxhq_server_configuration/https" format="dita"/></li>
                        <li><xref href="#ifxhq_server_configuration/h2encryptalgoth" format="dita"
                            /></li>
                        <li><xref href="#ifxhq_server_configuration/h2encryptenable" format="dita"
                            /></li>
                        <li><xref href="#ifxhq_server_configuration/h2encryptpwd" format="dita"
                            /></li>
                        <li><xref href="#ifxhq_server_configuration/poolconnection" format="dita"
                            /></li>
                        <li><xref href="#ifxhq_server_configuration/poolmax" format="dita"/></li>
                        <li><xref href="#ifxhq_server_configuration/poolmin" format="dita"/></li>
                        <li><xref href="#ifxhq_server_configuration/poolidle" format="dita"/></li>
                        <li><xref href="#ifxhq_server_configuration/redirecthttp" format="dita"
                            /></li>
                        <li><xref href="#ifxhq_server_configuration/restssn" format="dita"/></li>
                        <!--IFMX-1284: Hidden-->
                        <li otherprops="hide"><xref href="#ifxhq_server_configuration/rstsql"
                                format="dita"/></li>
                        <li><xref href="#ifxhq_server_configuration/ssl.keystore" format="dita"
                            /></li>
                        <li><xref href="#ifxhq_server_configuration/sslkeystorepwd" format="dita"
                            /></li>
                        <li><xref href="#ifxhq_server_configuration/sslkeypwd" format="dita"/></li>
                        <li><xref href="#ifxhq_server_configuration/userpwdmaxage" format="dita"
                            /></li>
                        <li><xref href="#ifxhq_server_configuration/userpwdmin" format="dita"/></li>
                        <li><xref href="#ifxhq_server_configuration/usepwdlwcase" format="dita"
                            /></li>
                        <li><xref href="#ifxhq_server_configuration/usepwdreqnum" format="dita"
                            /></li>
                        <li><xref href="#ifxhq_server_configuration/userpwdspchfrom" format="dita"
                            /></li>
                        <li><xref href="#ifxhq_server_configuration/usepwdrucase" format="dita"
                                >user.password.requireUpperCase</xref></li>
                    </ul></li>
            </ul>
        </p>
        <section id="inadpwd">
            <title>initialAdminPassword</title>
            <p>When starting the <keyword conref="../1common/ids_cm_ref.dita#ids_cm_ref/ids"/>
                Explore server for the first time, an <b>admin</b> user will be created with the
                password specified in the <b>initialAdminPassword</b> property. This user will have
                system administrative privileges on the <keyword
                    conref="../1common/ids_cm_ref.dita#ids_cm_ref/ids"/> Explore server which
                includes the ability to create other users, grant privileges, and make configuration
                changes to the server.</p>
            <p>This property is only required the very first time you start the <keyword
                    conref="../1common/ids_cm_ref.dita#ids_cm_ref/ids"/> Explore server. For
                security reasons, it is recommended that you remove this property from your OneDB
                Explore server configuration file after the <keyword
                    conref="../1common/ids_cm_ref.dita#ids_cm_ref/ids"/> Explore server has been
                initialized for the first time.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="alertstarnumber">
            <title>alert.startNumberAlertSendThreads</title>
            <p>Configures the number of threads in the thread pool that processes and dispatches
                alert notifications (by email, Twilio, Pager Duty, etc.) when an alerting incident
                occurs. The default number of threads is 4.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="alertcheck">
            <title>alert.numberConditionCheckThreads</title>
            <p>Configures the number of threads in the thread pool that checks whether alerting
                conditions have been violated whenever new monitoring data comes in. The default
                number of threads is 4.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="datasource">
            <title>dataSource.IFX_ISOLATION_LEVEL</title>
            <p>Specifies the isolation level to set on JDBC connections to the various Informix
                database servers. The default value is 1.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="hostname">
            <title>hostname</title>
            <p>The host name of the <keyword conref="../1common/ids_cm_ref.dita#ids_cm_ref/ids"/>
                Explore server. The host name determines the network adapter or interface that the
                    <keyword conref="../1common/ids_cm_ref.dita#ids_cm_ref/ids"/> Explore server
                binds the server socket to.</p>
            <p>The default value is an empty string. When set to an empty string, the <keyword
                    conref="../1common/ids_cm_ref.dita#ids_cm_ref/ids"/> Explore server will bind to
                all available network interfaces on the host machine.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="http">
            <title>httpPort</title>
            <p>The HTTP port to run the <keyword conref="../1common/ids_cm_ref.dita#ids_cm_ref/ids"
                /> Explore server on. This port will serve both the OneDB Explore web UI and the
                    <keyword conref="../1common/ids_cm_ref.dita#ids_cm_ref/ids"/> Explore REST API.
                Set this value to -1 to disable the HTTP protocol for <keyword
                    conref="../1common/ids_cm_ref.dita#ids_cm_ref/ids"/> Explore. If httpPort is set
                to -1, make sure that httpsPort is set to something other than -1.The default value
                is 8080.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="https">
            <title>httpsPort</title>
            <p>The HTTPS port to run the <keyword conref="../1common/ids_cm_ref.dita#ids_cm_ref/ids"
                /> Explore server on. This port will serve both the <keyword
                    conref="../1common/ids_cm_ref.dita#ids_cm_ref/ids"/> Explore web UI and the
                    <keyword conref="../1common/ids_cm_ref.dita#ids_cm_ref/ids"/> Explore REST
                API.</p>
            <p>Set this value to -1 to disable the HTTPS protocol for <keyword
                    conref="../1common/ids_cm_ref.dita#ids_cm_ref/ids"/> Explore. If httpsPort is
                set to -1, make sure that httpPort is set to something other than -1. </p>
            <p>If httpsPort is something other than -1, you must set the <b>ssl.keystore.file</b>
                and <b> ssl.keystore.password</b> properties, and potentially also the
                    <b>ssl.key.password</b> property if your key password is different from the
                keystore password.</p>
            <p>The default value is -1 indicating that HTTPS is disabled by default.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="h2encryptalgoth">
            <title>h2.encrypt.algorithm</title>
            <p>Sets the algorithm for H2 database file encryption. The encryption algorithms
                supported by H2 are AES, XTEA, and FOG. The default value is AES.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="h2encryptenable">
            <title>h2.encrypt.enable</title>
            <p>Controls whether the H2 database file which holds <keyword
                    conref="../1common/ids_cm_ref.dita#ids_cm_ref/ids"/> Explore server's internal
                metdata is encrypted. If you set this property to true, you must also set the
                h2.encrypt.password property. The default value is false.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="h2encryptpwd">
            <title>h2.encrypt.password</title>
            <p>Sets the password to use for H2 database file encryption. If h2.encrpyt.enable is set
                to true, you must set the password for encryption.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="poolconnection">
            <title>pool.connectionTimeout</title>
            <p>Specifies the number of milliseconds to wait for a JDBC connection to an Informix
                database server to be established before it times out. The default value is 5000 (5
                seconds).</p>
        </section>
        <section id="poolidle">
            <title>pool.idleTimeout</title>
            <p>Specifies the number of milliseconds that a JDBC connection can be idle in the
                connection pool before it is closed. The default value is 60000 (1 minute).</p>
        </section>
        <section id="poolmax">
            <title>pool.maximumPoolSize</title>
            <p>The maximum number of JDBC connections in each connection pool. The <keyword
                    conref="../1common/ids_cm_ref.dita#ids_cm_ref/ids"/> Explore server will
                maintain a connection pool for each Informix database that it needs to connect to.
                The <b>pool.maximumPoolSize</b> puts a cap on the total number of open JDBC
                connections that can be established to each database.</p>
            <p>The default value is 5.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="poolmin">
            <title>pool.minimumIdle</title>
            <p>The minimum number of idle JDBC connections in each connection pool. The <keyword
                    conref="../1common/ids_cm_ref.dita#ids_cm_ref/ids"/> Explore server will
                maintain a connection pool for each Informix database server that it needs to
                connect to. Setting <b>pool.minimumIdle</b> to zero indicates that all JDBC
                connections in the connection pool should be closed when they have been sitting idle
                for longer than the <b>pool.idleTimeout</b> threshold. Setting
                    <b>pool.minimumIdle</b> to a positive integer indicates the number of
                connections that should be kept open in the connection pool even when they exceed
                the <b>pool.idleTimeout</b>. The default and recommended value is 0.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="redirecthttp">
            <title>redirectHTTPtoHTTPS</title>
            <p>If set to true, HTTP traffic to <keyword
                    conref="../1common/ids_cm_ref.dita#ids_cm_ref/ids"/> Explore will automatically
                be redirected to HTTPS. This will include web socket communication between the
                    <keyword conref="../1common/ids_cm_ref.dita#ids_cm_ref/ids"/> Explore server and
                agent. If this value is set to true, you will be required to configure SSL in your
                agent configuration properties.</p>
            <p>The default value is false.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="restssn">
            <title>rest.session.timeout</title>
            <p>Specifies the number of milliseconds that a REST session can be idle before it is
                closed. The default value is 3600000 (60 minutes).</p>
        </section>
        <!--IFMX-1284: Hidden-->
        <section id="rstsql" otherprops="hide">
            <title>rest.sql.session.timeout</title>
            <p>Specifies the number of milliseconds that a SQL session connected through REST can be
                idle before it is closed. SQL sessions are used to run free-form SQL queries through
                the OneDB Explore REST interface, and are used by the SQL console page in the
                    OneDB<keyword conref="../1common/ids_cm_ref.dita#ids_cm_ref/ids"/> Explore web
                UI. Each SQL session holds exclusive access to a JDBC connection object for the
                duration of that session. The default value is 120000 (2 minutes).</p>
        </section>
        <section id="ssl.keystore">
            <title>ssl.keystore.file</title>
            <p>The path to the keystore file that contains the certificate to use for network
                encryption. This property must be set if <b>httpsPort</b> is set to something other
                than -1.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="sslkeystorepwd">
            <title>ssl.keystore.password</title>
            <p>The password to unlock the keystore file for network encryption. If this property is
                not set and the HTTPS is configured, you will be prompted on the command line to
                enter the keystore password when starting the OneDB<keyword
                    conref="../1common/ids_cm_ref.dita#ids_cm_ref/ids"/> Explore server.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="sslkeypwd">
            <title>ssl.key.password</title>
            <p>The password to unlock the entry into the keystore. The default value is no password,
                which means to use the keystore password. If the entry into the keystore requires a
                password that is different from the keystore password, set this property to the
                entry password.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="userpwdmaxage">
            <title>user.password.maxAge</title>
            <p>Controls the maximum age (in days) of a user password. User passwords that are older
                than the max age will be considered as expired. Setting this property to zero, which
                is the default value, specifies that user passwords never expire. Setting this
                property to a value greater than zero specifies the maximum age (in days) of a user
                password before it expires. A user will start receiving notifications in the
                    <keyword conref="../1common/ids_cm_ref.dita#ids_cm_ref/ids"/> Explore UI when
                the difference between the current date and the password expiration date is less
                than or equal to 15 days.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="userpwdmin">
            <title>user.password.minLength</title>
            <p>Controls the minimum length for a user password. The default value is 8.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="usepwdlwcase">
            <title>user.password.requireLowerCase</title>
            <p>Controls whether user passwords are required to include at least one lowercase
                character. The default value is true.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="usepwdreqnum">
            <title>user.password.requireNumber</title>
            <p>Controls whether user passwords are required to include at least one number. The
                default value is true.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="userpwdspchfrom">
            <title>user.password.requireSpecialCharacterFromSet</title>
            <p>Controls whether user passwords are required to include at least one special
                character. An empty string indicates that no special characters are required.
                Setting this value to “!@#$%^&amp;*()? would require user passwords to include at
                least one of those characters. The default value is an empty string.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="usepwdrucase">
            <title>user.password.requireUpperCase</title>
            <p>Controls whether user passwords are required to include at least one uppercase
                character. The default value is true.</p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
    <?tm 1410306536 0?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000004307?>
